Webhooks updates (#235)
0xsequence/docs: docs/pages/api/indexer/examples/webhook-listener.mdx

## 1. Register a Webhook Listener

Our filters allow you to listen to on-chain events for particular contract addresses, contract events, specific token ids, account addresses, or topic hashes.

<Callout type="info">
	If you require a webhook endpoint to call, you can use [webhook.site](https://webhook.site/) for testing purposes to specify used in the `url` field.
</Callout>

*Sequence Indexer `AddWebhookListener` Method:* with `required*` fields

* Request: POST /rpc/Indexer/AddWebhookListener
* Content-Type: application/json
* Body (in JSON):
    * `url*` (string) -- the URL to send the webhook to
    * `filters*` (object) -- an object of filters
        * `contractAddresses*` ([]string) -- an array of any contract address

>         * `events*` ([]string)-- any contract event, with the included `indexed` keyword from the contract when necessary (e.g. "Transfer(address indexed from, address indexed to, uint256 amount)" or, as "Transfer(address indexed,address indexed,uint256)" without argument names)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * `events*` ([]string)-- any contract event, with the included `indexed` keyword from the contract when necessary (e.g. "Transfer(address indexed from, address indexed to, uint256 amount)". Shorthand is also acceptable such as which will simply be parsed as arg1, arg2, etc: "Transfer(address indexed,address indexed,uint256)" without argument names)
```
